Draft-1

Thiswhole self-publishing thing feels like one of the most liberating and self-respecting things I've ever done for myself, yet there's this nagging cognitive dissonance inside me—an annoying people-pleaser streak, or maybe straight-up self-abandonment still tries to shove me onto the pedestal of narcissistic shame just like the way Taylor Swift used to sing 'covert narcissism disguised as altruism'. But lately, after a long damn time i dont fking care about it that much anymore. So many things have passed by, keep passing. The chaos spiraling inside me is still there, always will be. It's everyone's duty to cope with it, to keep ourselves sane and that's really all we've got to hold onto. And i really need to admit what was done and what just happened to me wasn't so kind. It was a hellish kind of experience. But it also taught me a hell of a lot about self-respect as well so i wouldnt blame god i mean no i stongly dont believe in god and well talk about that subject later.
This is the moment where most of the ppl hit their very own "time-skip arc" and say they've learned so much, they've got all these wise words to pass on.

I thought of writing this first piece casually, just like Carrie always did from the begining the SATC show ss1, those effortless, introspective voiceovers that felt like she was just thinking and having enough time to find a pen to note somewhere or the large capity in her prefrontal cortex to store all of her raw thoughts.. i really ireally do wish to be able to do the same, since it's my belief that everyone's writings would be so much powerful if only we could capture that particular rare essense of freshness or in my own term is kind of a literary effusion at instance (thru times and filtering and precipation of thoughts sometimes make our writings dull)
But even so not sure if I can pull off being as cool and modern as her, though.

There are many men and totally 2 women whose paths have crossed mine/our paths have crossed.



Q
