Any men seeing this might feel a bit grossed out, but that or the ick but i dont mind that at all. It's completely understandable if you can’t agree with what’s in front of you. What I’m writing right now is simply what I felt, saw, thought, and experienced in my own past situations. I just want to capture that raw moment of all my thoughts exactly as they were at the time. 

Since a very young age i always knew i'd prefer to wear a more flamboyant and creative kindergarten uniform i didnt know what that would mean in the grownup setting but all I know from my own observation at that age is i know i was doomed though right now i think the true miserable destiny of mine is not the feminity but i think it all starts from an inoridnate fondness for men's features. I’m not even sure what I fully mean by that. I don’t know if I just want to touch and feel those so-called macho, masculine traits because deep down I know I could never embody them myself, and I feel drawn to the physical features of a stud, or if I want to be like them so badly that I have to learn and feel it through this sexual route. Eventually, I realized and decided for myself that it doesn’t really matter so I got one thing off my mind that I no longer had to endlessly fathom and overthink.
Wherever I go or live, the world naturally teaches me to feel ashamed of being feminine, so I adapted. Even in the most spacious and inclusive places, I’m still undercover just with a slightly thinner layer than usual, but of course always with the knife up my sleeve. Although this may sound sad and tragic, I would never want to turn down the femininity inside me. Even if I can only ever express it to myself, locked up in the bathroom, I still want it i want to keep it. I want it to remain a part of my core.
But the one thing I truly wish could be removed from my gayness is the attraction to men—the muscles, the grating voice, the innate audacity of them, the height that makes me feel small and powerless. I really hate them all, yet somehow my brain wiring (or whatever it is) finds a way to say otherwise.





Lately I've started wondering if hating the attraction is just another layer of the same shame that made me hide my femininity for so long but no im pretty sure i have tones of reasons to hate masculinity. To test this i sort of fk around.
The latest man i slept with kinda made me realise how far a kink of a person can go. it was like the edge of the harmless area. 


But for whom for what exactly that would br justified as appropriate to have such an unhealthy, inordiante amount of fondness.